gh-69639: add mixed-mode rules for complex arithmetic (C-like) (#124829)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

Python fully supports mixed arithmetic: when a binary arithmetic operator has
operands of different numeric types, the operand with the "narrower" type is
widened to that of the other, where integer is narrower than floating point.

> Arithmetic with complex and real operands is defined by the usual mathematical
> formula, for example::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arithmetic with complex and real operands is defined by the usual mathematical
formula, namely::
```
